Wu Tai! How did you get hurt?
Did you get into a fight?
Was it Hou Jiuling’s people?
I… I think I killed someone!
K-Killed someone…
Just now, I was walking on Vita Street,
and three thugs beat me up,
I got so angry,
I picked up a stick
and fought back,
but I think I accidentally killed one of them.
No, no, I need to book
a flight back to Thailand,
I’ll be safe once I’m back in Thailand,
where’s my phone, where’s my phone!
I lost my phone,
if they find me,
I’m done for, Lianlian,
what do I do, what do I do?
Your situation might count
as self-defense, right?
Why don’t you turn yourself in first?
I think after they left,
I chased after them and hit them,
I don’t know if that counts
as self-defense,
Lianlian, how about this,
tomorrow morning, help me find a lawyer,
can you consult for me?
Please like, subscribe,
share, and support Mingjing
and Diandian programs